What is an API?
An application programming interface is a way for two or more computer programs to communicate with each other. It is a type of software interface, offering a service to other pieces of software
APIs let your product or service communicate with other products and services without having to know how they’re implemented

Difference between Compiled and Interpreted Languages:
    Compiled and not interpreted.program once compiled is expressed into the instructions of the target machine
    Interpreted without compiling program into machine instructions

    two steps vs one from source code to execution

Give me an example where you can do constructor overloading ?
    Example of Book and different initializations based on the info present at the time of publication of book

Namespace in C++
    provide scope in which identifiers,functions are valid

Exception Handling : a mechanism to seperate code that detects and handles exceptions from the rest of your program 
    Need for It :  
        Better Logs for Easier Debugging.
        Seperation of Concerns and Predictable Flow
        Prevents Total Failure
        User Friendly : Better message for User

Try Catch Throw
try : code that might throw an exceptions
catch : code to handle the exceptions
finally : always executed and used for cleanup operations that need be performed whether exception occured or not

C++ vs Python
complex vs simple(and user frinedly)
statically Typed vs dynamically typed
faster vs slower
Manual Memory Management vs automatically

Real Life Implementation of Stack :
    Brwoser history 
    Undo Redo

Array vs Vector :
Fixed size 
Allocated at compile time in Stack
Not resizable
More efficient 
Continous allocation

Numpy Library :
    used for numerical computations
    multidimensional arrays
    element wise operations
    mathematical functions
    integration with other libraries
    parallel processing powers

Function Pointer : 
    allows to call functions at runtime 
    used in callbacks
    Plugin Systems

Out of Bounds Array Index :
    Undefined Behaviour(Crash, Overwriting, Apparent Correct Behaviour)

HTTP vs HTTPS:
    HTTP data transferred in plaintext hence susceptible to attacks
    HTTPS provides secure way by using encryption.Uses SSL or TLS

GET vs POST :
    request data vs send data
    data send in query parameters vs request body
    visible vs not visible data 
    idempotent vs not idempotent

Big O : for worst case or upper bound 
Omega : best case or lower bound
Theta : both upper and lower bounds

Pointers :
    Dynamic Memory allocation
    Pointers to functions
    Complext DS 
    Pass By Reference

What are cookies?
    small piece of data that websites store on users Brwoser and are useful for personalizaed results and authentication etc.
    Third Party Cookies and Security Concerns

Inner class vs sub class
    Inner Class (Nested Class) is a class defined within scope of another Class.It is encapsulated within the Outer Class
    SubClass (Derived Class) inherits from the parent class.

Interface vs abstract class
    Interface is a contract for class that implements it.
    Interfaces are statless (not have constructor or anything)
    classes that derive from them must define the implementation details
    Promote Loose Coupling
    common behavious acrros unrelated classes

    can contain contracts + well defined methods
    class can only inherit from one abstract class
    when you want to provide a common base class with both method definitions and shared implementation 

What is memory sequencing?
    memory ordering refers to the order in which memory operations (such as read and write operations) are observed by different threads or processors

    crucial to ensuring that programs execute correctly, especially in situations where multiple threads or cores are accessing shared memory concurrently.

Difference between Natural joins and Inner join.
    Inner Join : Join based on specified Conditions (uses ON)
    Natural Join : Join based on column having same name

Denormalization and Normalization in  Database. Asked advantages of Normalization vs Denormalization.
    process of organizaing data in a way that reduces redundancy and dependency by decomposing tables into smaller related tables.
    eliminates anoalies

    introducing reduncancy into DB to improve query performance

    Advantages of N: 
        Less Storage
        Better Structure 
        Data Integrity

    Advantages of DN:
        Simplified Query and Query Performance
        Useful for Read Heavy applications


Encryption:
    plain text to cipher text using algo and key
    key is key
    DATA Confidentiality and Secure Communication


Which languages do you prefer? Compiled or interpreted? why?
    Compiled bcox
        Performance
        Early Error Detection (at compile time)
        Optimzations
        Better Resourcee Utilization and more Command

Which algorithms are generally used in  DBMS. (Searching and sorting )
    Searching : B-Tree Indexing and Hashing
    Sorting : Quick, Merge

Do you know how the code is actually deployed on machines in the real world?
    Building : creating executable files 
    Configuration
    Testing
    Deployment
    Automation


What do you mean by full-stack web development? 
    fronot end + backend
    stack ka mtlb


How does the client interact with the server? 
    Establishing a connection
    Sending request
    Processing request
    Genrating Respinse
    Sending Response
    Processing Response
    Closgin the connection

Given a triangle and 3 ants at each edge. They can move in any direction. Find out the probability of ants not colliding with each other. 2/8

https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/design-and-implement-special-stack-data-structure/

How to read and write from a file in O(1) time complexity? 
    Prefetching 
    DMA 
    File Sysyem optimization (indexing)
    Caching

How to store 1 trillion in a variable?  Long Long

Types of trees, the time complexity of traversal in BST, how to decrease the height of the tree. 

Generate Random Numbers in C++ : 
    srand(time(0));
    rand();

verify the birthday paradox with code. Done

static in cpp : 
    Static Variables (Local Scope) remain the same in the subsequent fn calls 
    Static Members and Methods in CPP members of class rather than instances
    Static Case for explicit type conversion